Benchmark hallucination detection models (#47)
cleanlab/cleanlab-tools: benchmarking_hallucination_model/README.md

> # Evaluate hallucination detection models
> 
> This folder contains the jupyter notebooks used to evaluate 5 hallucination detection models on 5 datasets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Benchmark hallucination detection models on RAG datasets

This folder contains notebooks used to evaluate popular hallucination detection models on various RAG (context, question, answer) datasets.
```
